You laugh
Did I laugh?
Thank you. I have nothing to do with that woman
Mr. Zhan, this is your private matter
Don't tell me.
Mr. Zhang, if there is nothing wrong
I ask you to go
Remember what I told you
Hmm what to say
No matter whether it is work or life
You are my assistant
My people
Then there is no room for others to bully
You don't have to be afraid of ghost washing
Let alone the space behind him
Stop
thought
From now on, as long as you are still working by my side
Then nothing will be accomplished for the time being
Remember
Thank you for stopping.
Miss Su, our wife wants to see you
Please come with me.
Your wife
Our wife is the mother of Zhan Zong
The lady got caught
Miss, do you mind if I use this method?
I'd like to invite you.